Outbox workflow based on doctrine events (#7)
dsantang/domain-events-doctrine: README.md

That's it! You're all set!
Now you can add as many Symfony's listeners as you need to your `$dispatcher`,  
and you'll be able to react to the domain events raised by your application.

## Outbox pattern

This library also provides support for the [Outbox pattern](https://microservices.io/patterns/data/application-events.html) implementation.  
The idea behind the implementation is to be able to add entities to an "ongoing" transaction by hooking into Doctrine's `onFlush` event, 
creating "outbox" entries based on the application's domain events, and safely store them using the same DB transaction.  

In order to enrich your Domain Event and be able to set all the data required by the Outbox entity, 

> you need to create an `Converter` class (by implementing `Dsantang\DomainEventsDoctrine\Outbox\Converter` interface) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you need to create a `Converter` class (by implementing `Dsantang\DomainEventsDoctrine\Outbox\Converter` interface) 
```

    }
}

final class YourOutboxEntry implements OutboxEntry
{
    /** @var DomainEvent */
    private $domainEvent;

    public function __construct(DomainEvent $domainEvent)
    {
        $this->domainEvent = $domainEvent;
    }
    
    public function getName() : string
    {
        return 'OrderDispatched';
    }

    public function getAggregateId() : UuidInterface
    {
        return Uuid::fromString('d1702762-548b-11e9-8647-d663bd873d93');
    }

    public function getAggregateType() : string
    {
        return 'Order';
    }

    public function getPayloadType() : string
    {
        return 'OrderStructure';
    }

    public function getMessageKey() : string
    {
        return 'd663bd873d93';
    }

    public function getMessageRoute() : string
    {
        return 'aggregate.order';
    }

    public function getMessageType() : string
    {
        return 'OrderCreated';
    }

    public function getPayload() : string
    {
        return json_encode($this->domainEvent)
    }

    public function getSchemaVersion() : int
    {
        return 1;
    }
}    
```

And an example of the required configuration as is follow:  

> **Warning:** this solution should not be used outside of Doctrine event!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Warning:** this solution assumes that you're using `Dsantang\DomainEvents\DomainEvent` in order to raise your domain events.

```php
use Dsantang\DomainEventsDoctrine\Outbox\MapBased;
use Dsantang\DomainEventsDoctrine\Outbox\OutboxMappedSuperclass;

$conversionMap = [
    'YourDomainEvent' => new YourConverter()',
    // ....
];

> // Your class must extends OutboxMappedSuperclass

Reviewer: I would add a bit more information about what this entity is

    {
        return new YourOutboxEntry($domainEvent);
    }
}

final class YourOutboxEntry implements OutboxEntry
{
    /** @var DomainEvent */
    private $domainEvent;

    public function __construct(DomainEvent $domainEvent)
    {
        $this->domainEvent = $domainEvent;
    }
    
    public function getName() : string
    {
        return 'OrderDispatched';
    }

    public function getAggregateId() : UuidInterface
    {
        return Uuid::fromString('d1702762-548b-11e9-8647-d663bd873d93');
    }

    public function getAggregateType() : string
    {
        return 'Order';
    }

    public function getPayloadType() : string
    {
        return 'OrderStructure';
    }

    public function getMessageKey() : string
    {
        return 'd663bd873d93';
    }

    public function getMessageRoute() : string
    {
        return 'aggregate.order';
    }

    public function getMessageType() : string
    {
        return 'OrderCreated';
    }

    public function getPayload() : string
    {
        return json_encode($this->domainEvent)
    }

    public function getSchemaVersion() : int
    {
        return 1;
    }
}    
```

> In order to persist your Outbox entries, you must create a Doctrine Entity class inside your application and extends from

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In order to persist your Outbox entries, you must create a Doctrine Entity class inside your application that extends
```

`Dsantang\DomainEventsDoctrine\Outbox\OutboxMappedSuperclass`.  
Please note that this approach uses [Doctrine's Inheritance Mapping](https://www.doctrine-project.org/projects/doctrine-orm/en/2.6/reference/inheritance-mapping.html#mapped-superclasses):  

> And an example of the required class as is follow: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Here is an example of an Outbox Entity class:
```

```php
namespace YourNamespace;

use Doctrine\ORM\Mapping as ORM;
use Dsantang\DomainEventsDoctrine\Outbox\OutboxMappedSuperclass;

/**
 * @ORM\Entity()
 * @ORM\Table
 */
class YourOutboxEntity extends OutboxMappedSuperclass
{
    /**
     * @ORM\Column(type="string")
     *
     * @var string
     */
    private $someAdditionalField;
}
```

> And an example of the required configuration as is follow:  

Reviewer 2: `is as follows`

**Warning:** this solution assumes that you're using `Dsantang\DomainEvents\DomainEvent` in order to raise your domain events.

```php
use Dsantang\DomainEventsDoctrine\Outbox\MapBased;
use Dsantang\DomainEventsDoctrine\Outbox\OutboxMappedSuperclass;

> // Your class must extends OutboxMappedSuperclass

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// Your class must extend OutboxMappedSuperclass
```

$yourOutboxEntity = new YourOutboxEntity();

> $mapBased = new MapBased($yourOutboxEntity);

Reviewer: I just really hope initialising this `MapBased` object is achievable via Symfony DI... That's the only thing that I'm not sure about... Rest looks good!

Author: Look at my configuration on form-management:
https://github.com/usabilla/form-management/blob/undefined-dummy-outbox-integration/config/services/domain_events.xml
